[Music]
there are only four types of introverts
what type are you
not all introverts are the same as it
turned out there are not two not three
but four types of introverts out there
you want to find out which type you are
grab a pen and take our quick test to
discover more about your personality
question 1
who do you usually spend your birthdays
with hey just my family and my closest
and dearest friends beef a few people or
maybe just spending the day by myself
see I usually don't celebrate my
birthdays or just do it at home by
myself
deep I prefer to think these stuff
through beforehand my birthday's can be
quite different depending on my mood
[Music]
question two
you arrived at your friend's big
housewarming party how are you feeling
hey great I'm going to give them a big
hug and congratulate on finally getting
everything done be alright I already
imagined how I'm going to greet
everybody and spend some quality time
with a few of my favorite people a seat
terrified I just hope nobody would hate
me deep I'm a couple of minutes late but
interested to know what the whole vibe
is going to be and then who knows what
will happen
[Music]
question 3
how do you feel when you meet new people
a it's exciting but I still feel a bit
tired after long conversations be great
maybe they'll share my thoughts and
ideas see a lot of anxiety and nervous
sweating deep I don't mind it at all
just need some time to put me in the
zone
question four weren't you enjoy your
alone time more than parties and other
social events
hey I simply feel more relaxed and free
I guess I'm recharging in a way beep I
love to immerse in the world of my
imagination I'm always thinking about
new exciting ideas and analyze my
emotions see I'm Way too clumsy around
people plus it just stresses me out
being alone is way more comfortable and
safe deep sometimes being in a group
requires so much energy and work so I
just chill out in my own company
[Music]
question 5
what describes your morning's best eh
I don't stay in bed for that long I get
up right away and kick start my day with
a cup of coffee B I'm having breakfast
and thinking about my day what I'm going
to do and where I'm gonna go see I'm not
a morning person and if this day
requires interactions like school
University work this doesn't improve my
mood item D I usually stay in bed for
some time I mean how do you even get up
right away it takes me some time to get
going
[Music]
question six finally what's your ideal
vacation look like hey I'm with my
closest friends somewhere we can have
fun be somewhere I've already been I can
roam the streets unfamiliar wave think
and find something new and everything
around see being somewhere alone
I enjoy my own company deep I feel way
more comfortable when everything is
already planned out so every day I know
what to do and don't waste any time and
that's it for our test account how many
times you picked each letter to your
answers contain mostly A's B's C's or DS
time to find out what all this means
if you chose mostly a answers you're a
social introversion you can be quite
talkative and easygoing at times
especially with your close friends and
family and their presence you can easily
joke around and laugh the hardest you
choose your friends wisely and carefully
and open up only to the people you know
you can trust anything including your
life you're not shy in a true meaning of
the work you just prefer smaller
companies and recharge by being by
yourself or spending time with your best
mates you don't fear any social events
you just prefer to be intimate and
private this is a very nice balance
right there and be sure to keep it up if
your answers are mostly be you're
thinking introvert you usually don't get
overwhelmed by big groups of people or
huge social events you just stay in your
lovely bubble and don't notice anything
around
you can spend hours being lost in your
thoughts playing with your imagination
or analyzing everything around you
you usually perceive the world through
your feelings and emotions that's why
you have a unique sense of empathy and
brilliant intuition you aren't that good
it's strictly following the rules
instead you create your own original
ways don't change for anyone other than
yourself it would be a shame if you lose
your individuality
if answers under the letters C or your
go-to s you're an anxious introvert you
can go to a great lengths to avoid any
communication because it scares you and
makes you extra nervous you often find
yourself in awkward situations when you
don't understand something properly or
people around don't understand you
sometimes you can even feel stressed
even by yourself constantly playing
certain bad events that happen in the
past in your head you don't hate
socializing and getting to know new
people you just try to avoid it because
of your self-consciousness and low
self-esteem try to take some all steps
out of your comfort zone you're an
interesting and one-of-a-kind person
just like the rest of us don't be afraid
to show it of course it's easier said
than done but staying in one place is
not an option you have to slowly try to
make yourself feel at least a bit
comfortable in social groups and come
out of your shell allow other people to
get to know the wonderful person you are
and continue from there if your answers
mostly consist of D options you're a
restrained introvert
they're not a person who loves being
alone you just prefer to think carefully
before doing any work or interacting
with somebody you need some time to get
going and you can be a bit slow-moving
but that's the only way you can function
you don't get that uncomfortable in big
groups of people you just prefer to
leave it for later so you'd have some
time to get used to the situation and
feel comfortable in the world of
extroverts all of this is seen as an
intro versi but it's not exactly it this
just proves one more time that each of
us is different and complex and putting
labels on anybody is completely useless
we're way more than just one thing
so did your results match with your
personality tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up share it with your
introverted friends and subscribe to our
channel if you want to stay on the
bright side alike with us until next
time
you